chore: rename starter pack submodule (#1341)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

  For a complete list of commits, check out the `X.Y.Z`_ release on GitHub.

.. _release-2.25.0:

2.25.0 (unreleased)
-------------------

New features:

Bug fixes:

Documentation:

> - The submodule containing our documentation resources has been renamed to
>   ``sphinx-docs-starter-pack`` to match its parent repository. After pulling this
>   change into existing clones of the repository, run the following the commands to
>   ensure that the submodules are in sync:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Git submodule containing documentation components has been renamed
  to ``sphinx-docs-starter-pack`` to match its parent repository.
  
  If you're a returning contributor to the project, after you pull the latest 
  commits, run the following commands in your local repository to sync the 
  submodule change:
```

Author: https://github.com/canonical/craft-parts/pull/1341/commits/c38bdb0b3f23a0c32f8e17fab6ba5fd521fdd942
